+++
title = "Matthew 26:52-54"
date = 2019-01-26
draft = true
Category = "Gospels"
tags = [ 'matthew', 'devotional', 'trust', 'faith']
slug = "matt-26-52_54"
author = 'Ron Georgia'
+++

**Summary** = Practical example of faith and trust

> Then Jesus told him, “Put your sword back in its place because all who take up the sword will perish by the sword.  Or do you think that I cannot call on my Father, and he will provide me here and now with more than twelve legions of angels? How, then, would the Scriptures be fulfilled that say it must happen this way?

Here in is trust and faith explained in practical terms. Christ our Lord is being taken to the great confusion of his disciples. Peter takes matters into his own hands. To Peter and  the others, what was happening should **not** be happening. It does not make sense. It was not what they _thought_ should be happening. Christ pulls back the curtain to reveal true faith and trust in God. “Do you think that I cannot call on my Father...” Yes he could have called 10,000 angels, though one would have been plenty, to deliver him and them; but he did not. That was not God’s plan.

For us it is the same. In many or any difficult situation or circumstances, we cry out to God, “if you want you could deliver me from ______ (fill in the blank).” But there is only silence. The silence is sometimes crushingly heavy. But why? Is it because he does not hear or care? No, because we in our limited capacity to perceive cannot see what God has in mind. He could call 10,000 angels, though one would do the trick, to deliver us, yet he does not. This is where we must trust that He is doing what is right and that His plan is better than our shortsightedness. 

Let us not be as the disciples who fled, but rather as His disciple, let us take up our cross and follow him.
